
change enemies are near to return an array of enemy
directions. If there are more than 1 enemy then he
needs to bind some to survive.


Level 4

Warrior needs to look around the room to determine what needs to be done. Captives need to be located and rescued. Enemies need to be killed.

Stronger enemies should be bound if warrior steps near 2 enemies at the same time.

Level 5

Stop walking in the stupid stairs!

Walk_towards_stairs can only happen when the room is empty.

If a captive exists, then the warrior needs to detour around the stairs.git

Level 6

Rescue the ticking captive first...or boom! 

Attempt to bind enemies on way to rescue dude that is gonna die.

fix number of enemies to reflect only enemies that are right next to warrior.

Go directly to the ticking captive. No binding. No attacking.


-- Level 7 --

Original captive_ticking had warrior walking past all enemies until he could free ticking captive.

If warrior encountered an obstacle it would find the empty space (excluding warrior's previous location) and move there.

warrior needs to bind the enemies that are not directly in his path, and kill the one that is.

-- Level 8 --

Warrior now needs to determine if there are multiple enemies directly in front of him by looking.

If there is, then warrior needs to detonate a bomb.

-- level 9 -- 

Warrior is completely surrounded.
Warrior will die at the end of the 2nd turn.

Bombing twice :forward fails
Bombing :forward then :left fails
Bombing :left then :right fails

Need to bind :left and :right.
Kill :forward sludge. Heal, then advance. Then 3 bombs.


--- Refactoring --- 

What are the directions on which the warrior will go?

- towards captives(ticking first, then rest)
- towards enemies(bound and unbound)
- towards stairs



level 3

Warrior is surrounded by 3 enemies and 1 captive. Warrior needs to first rescue the captive. Now the warrior is no longer surrounded, and can move out of attack range of the sludge, and throw bombs.

level 9 

Warrior is surrounded by 3 enemies and 1 wall. In this case the warrior needs to bind some enemies to make it a one on one fight. Then the warrior can throw bombs to kill the enemy quicker. The warrior can advanced towards the ticking captive once an enemy is killed. If the warrior advances and is surrounded on 3 sides, the warrior should move back and throw more bombs.